c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.exe
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.pdb
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.exe
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.pdb
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\giraffe.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\monkey.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\panda.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\parrot.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\penguin.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\rabbit.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\hippo.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\pig.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\elephant.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\snake.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff0.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff1.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff2.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff3.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff4.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff5.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff6.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff7.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff8.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff9.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff10.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff11.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff12.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff13.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff14.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff15.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff16.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff17.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff18.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff19.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff20.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff21.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff22.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff23.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff24.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Sad_Sun.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\bg.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\Calibri.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\Calibri.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\DS-Digital.png
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\DS-Digital.xml
c:\users\oliver\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\.score.txt
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.exe
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.pdb
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\obj\x86\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\.score.txt
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\bg.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\giraffe.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\monkey.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\panda.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\parrot.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\penguin.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\rabbit.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\hippo.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\pig.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\elephant.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\Calibri.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\Calibri.xml
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\DS-Digital.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Font\DS-Digital.xml
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Sad_Sun.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Animals\snake.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff0.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff1.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff2.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff3.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff4.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff5.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff6.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff7.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff8.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff9.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff10.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff11.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff12.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff13.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff14.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff15.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff16.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff17.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff18.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff19.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff20.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff21.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff22.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff23.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\White_puff\whitePuff24.png
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.exe
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\AvoidTheAnimals.pdb
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Oliver\Documents\GitHub\AvoidTheAnimals\AvoidTheAnimals\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\OpenTK.dll
